## 2020.0801-0807

This week I mainly read the two papers by Maldacena [1904.01911v3] and Maloney [1905.03780v2], which discuss the de Sitter analog of SSS's proposal that JT gravity in AdS2 is dual to a random matrix model on its conformal boundary, and also lecture notes on de Sitter space [hep-th/0110007v2].

The crucial observation is that we can analytically continue the Lorentzian dS metric to (minus) Euclidean AdS metric. The genus
expansion, which is legit in R=-2 case and problematic in R=2, can be solved using the topological gauge field theory description of JT gravity, as pointed out in Maloney's paper.

I only read the essential part of the two papers, and leave the rest for later reading.

I would like to generalize Witten's discussion of black hole phase transition in deformed JT gravity with asymptotically AdS spacetime to that in asymptotically dS spacetime. Hopefully, I will get some results next week.



## 2020.0808-0814

This week I have partially resolved the problem of classical BH solutions in deformed JT gravity with asymptotic dS boundary condition. I found some inconsistencies of the definition of temperature in such a setting. But if there is no inconsistency, the the dS story is almost the same as that of AdS. I think the phase transition here can be pursued more.

I have also read Witten's paper [1703.04612v1] on one-loop exactness of Schwarzian path integral, although I did not dig too much into the math there.

I plan to read more on AdS3 gravity in the latter half of Maloney's paper [1905.03780v2], and also some recent developments [2006.08648v2]. I will also investigate the black hole information paradox, which was recently resolved in a JT gravity setting, in, e.g., [1911.11977v2]. I should probably read some reviews on Liouville theory too.


## 2020.0815-0823

I spent the first few days of the week learning about replica wormholes and black hole information. But then I had to prepare a talk on black hole shadow and photon ring interferometry, see [1907.04329, 2005.03856, 2007.10336]. I will resume working on quantum gravity next week.

## 2020.0824-0831

This week, I attended the summer school held by Dongnan University. The talks range from TTbar deformation to entanglement entropy, energy conditions and so on. Maybe I should dig more into these topics and find something interesting to do.